We're now going to get started on creating our thumbnails for our design.
So I just have the brush tool selected and also the color black.
And I'm just going to start drawing rectangular boxes that are about the shape of a screen.
You're just going to create a couple of these.
And what we're going to do is we're going to create our thumbnails inside of these boxes and you want
to keep them pretty small because the idea of a thumbnail is that you just want to get really quick
ideas out by drawing in these boxes and you don't want it to take a long time.
You don't want there to be a lot of detail in them.
They're just create some simple shapes inside that box that represent what you're trying to convey.
So for example let's say we wanted to do some mountains and with a house on it we could draw a triangle
with a house on the side of it and then maybe one to add some trees at the bottom and pine trees.
What we're doing is we're just trying to we're trying to block out the composition of our piece.
So let's try another one.
Let's do a castle on a floating mountains so let's create a mountain.
Let's make it floating.
Let's say that this is the ground down here it's just some pine trees.
Let's add something that looks like a castle on top of this
.
So there's there's a thumbnail for that one we can have some clouds in there.
Let's try let's try a lake with an island.
So those are like let's say that's where we want our lake to be and then we can add an island in the
middle of that.
And let's put let's put a tree on it.
So these are just very simple thumbnails so now what we're going to do is we're going to create thumbnails
for our own backgrounds.
And so like I said I was thinking we would do some sort of a background of water and some sort of treehouses
.
So I'm just going to get started on those.
And you can just watch and see how I do my thumbnails
.
Now.
These may look really scribbly and not make any sense to you but that's ok because your thumb Del's
don't have to make sense anybody except for yourself.
As long as you know what's going on image it's good.
So let me explain to you what I have going on in mind.
So in the top one I have these islands and this is our water line right here.
And I have these islands that you can see the part of the island that's under the water in the part
of the island that's above the water and on each island is a treehouse.
And there's got a bridge going in between them.
I also did another one where there's two ships floating on the water and they also have some sort of
a bridge going in between them and some kind of ropes and lines going off to other places.
The third one is an island where you can see the part of the island that's underwater and the part that's
out of the water and on top of the island we have a castle.
We also have some floating islands off in the background and then on the right side of our thumbnail
we have some sort of wooden type doc type treehouse building.
I'm not sure exactly what it would be but that's the idea behind creating thumbnails as you can just
really quickly block out what you want your image to look like and where you want things to be placed
.
Once you've created your thumbnails go out and choose one that you like and will will start to play
around with it and add more detail to it.
For me I think I'm going to go with this bottom line I like the direction it's going in so I'm going
to use this guy an ominous Stribild in my background off of him.